Upgrades (#29)
haddocking/haddock3-user-manual: src/modules/analysis.md

Typically, the module is run at the end of a protein-small molecule docking protocol to cluster the
models and identify the best clusters. In these workflows, ``[clustrmsd]`` is more appropriate than ``[clustfcc]`` 
as most models will share a consistent fraction of contacts, while still being structurally different.
In [this paper](https://pubs.acs.org/doi/10.1021/acs.jcim.4c01372)([BioRxiv](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.07.31.605986v1)),
we show that, in the context of protein-glycan docking, RMSD clustering performed after ``[rigidbody]`` docking increases the success rate.
A detailed tutorial on this specific case is available [here](https://www.bonvinlab.org/education/HADDOCK3/HADDOCK3-protein-glycan/).

Example application of the ``[clustrmsd]`` module:
- after performing rigid-body docking

> - computes the RMSD matrix, focused on a particular set of residues from chain A and B

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- compute the RMSD matrix, focusing on a particular set of residues from chains A and B
```

In [this paper](https://www.biorxiv.org/content/10.1101/2024.07.31.605986v1), we show that, in the context of protein-glycan docking, RMSD clustering performed after 
``[rigidbody]`` docking increases the success rate. A detailed tutorial on this specific case is available [here](https://www.bonvinlab.org/education/HADDOCK3/HADDOCK3-protein-glycan/).

Example application of the ``[clustrmsd]`` module:

> - after rigid-body docking

Reviewer: Maybe more narrative, like: 

- perform rigid-body docking
- compute the RMSD matrix
- apply RMSD-based clustering to the matrix to obtain 50 clusters

Otherwise not sure if this additional text brings much additional clarity to the code

As all the pairwise ilRMSD calculations are independent, the module distributes
them over all the available cores in an optimal way.

**IMPORTANT**:

> - the module assumes coherent numbering for all the receptor and ligand

Reviewer: Can you please explain what is “coherent” in this context?

Author: ensembles from different sources / complexes will fail. E.g:

```toml
run_dir = "will_fail"
molecules = ["capri_ensemble_raw.pdb"] # This guy may contain non coherent residue / chain numbering
[topoaa]
[ilrmsdmatrix]
# failure
```

Reviewer: So we’re talking the same numbering of the molecule1 across all models, the same numbering of the molecule2 across all models, etc?

Author: At that stage we also expect to have only one set of complexes

As all the pairwise ilRMSD calculations are independent, the module distributes
them over all the available cores in an optimal way.

**IMPORTANT**:
- the module assumes coherent numbering for all the receptor and ligand chains,
as no sequence alignment is performed. The user must ensure that the numbering

> is coherent (same chains, same sequences and residue ids accross all models).

Reviewer: I still think it’s worth mentionnig here that this requirement is met automatically if user runs docking pipeline, contrary to, e.g. a scoring pipeline.

Author: This is unfortunately not true, and this is the reason I did not add it there.
Indeed, one can come with an input ensemble where the input molecules do not have the same residues, and therefore, even after rigidbody docking, they will have differences.

Reviewer: Ah, now i understand what did you mean by "an ensemble with gaps will lead to errors”. Ok! 
Then just that little edit in line 148 of src/modules/analysis.md and I will be very happy with this PR
